Workday explain offset field (#27579)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/workday.markdown

Remove holidays will take dates formatted with `YYYY-MM-DD` or partial of name, for example, `christmas` will exclude `Christmas Day`.

> Offset can be used to see if future days are workdays. As example put `1` to see if tomorrow is workday.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The offset can be used to see if future days are workdays. For example, put `1` to see if tomorrow is a workday.
```
